Cleans up the game tips #1 (#722)
shiptest-ss13/Shiptest: strings/tips.txt

You can catch thrown items by toggling on your throw mode with an empty hand active.

> To crack the safe in the vault, use a stethoscope or three plastic explosives on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To crack a safe, use a stethoscope or three plastic explosives on it.
```
No vault.

> You can climb onto a table by dragging yourself onto one. This takes time and drops the items in your hands on the table. Clicking on a table that someone else is climbing onto will knock them down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can climb onto a table by dragging yourself onto one. This takes some time. Clicking on a table that someone else is climbing onto will knock them down.
```
We do not have that.

You can catch thrown items by toggling on your throw mode with an empty hand active.
To crack a safe, use a stethoscope or three plastic explosives on it.

> You can climb onto a table by dragging yourself onto one. This takes a some time. Clicking on a table that someone else is climbing onto will knock them down.

Reviewer: Slight mistake with "a some time" instead of "some time" unless I can't grammar

Author: Oh oops I’ll fix that A

You can move an item out of the way by dragging it and then clicking on an adjacent tile with an empty hand.
You can recolor certain items like jumpsuits and gloves in washing machines by also throwing in a crayon.
When in doubt about technicial issues, clear your cache (byond launcher > cogwheel > preferences > game prefs), update your BYOND, and relog.
Most things have special interactions with your middle mouse button, alt, shift, and control click. Experiment!
You can screwdriver any non-chemical grenade to shorten fuses from 5 seconds, to 3 seconds, to 1 second, to instant boom! Nobody ever expects this.
If you find yourself in a fistfight with another player, staying on the offensive is usually the smart move. Running away often won't accomplish much.
Different weapons have different strengths. Some weapons, such as spears, floor tiles, and throwing stars, deal more damage when thrown compared to when attacked normally.
A thrown glass of water can make a slippery tile, allowing you to slow down your pursuers in a pinch.

> When dealing with security, you can often get your sentence negated entirely through cooperation and deception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When dealing with hostile crews or captivity, you can often try to defuse the conflict through cooperation and deception.
```
Could also just remove the line entirely I suppose.

Author: No need I’ll add more tips related to ship test later. This is just to remove redundant ones.

> Experiment with different setups of the supermatter engine to maximize output, but don't risk the crew's safety to do so!

Reviewer: Not too sure what to make of this tip, it doesn't often apply to shiptest especially due to the power load being so low and supermatter shards not being thaat common.

Author: I don’t think there’s anything wrong to encourage players to experiment with there SM builds even if they are less common on ship test

Reviewer: I do agree with that. Given only one ship starts with a prebuilt SM, setting one up on any other class is kinda an experiment in itself. What I'm uncertain about is wether any change to the tip would be good, and if so, what. Not anything to worry about.

We were all new once, be patient and guide new players in the right direction.
On most clothing items that go in the exosuit slot, you can put certain small items into your suit storage, such as a spraycan, your emergency oxygen tank, or a flashlight.
Most job-related exosuit clothing can fit job-related items into it, such as the atmospheric technician's hardsuit/winter coat holding an RPD, or labcoats holding most medicine.
If you're using hotkey mode, you can stop pulling things using H.
If there's something you need from others, try asking! This game isn't singleplayer and you'd be surprised what you can get accomplished together!

> You'll quickly lose your interest in the game if you play to win and kill. If you find yourself doing this, take a step back and talk to people - it's a much better experience!

Reviewer: This one is odd given playing to win and kill is kinda not what one should be doing in shiptest, I dunno if it should be changed.

Author: I was thinking about removing it but decided against it because it’s telling you not to play the game to win and kill

Reviewer: Could ask what the admins think about the tip

You'll quickly lose your interest in the game if you play to win and kill. If you find yourself doing this, take a step back and talk to people - it's a much better experience!
Felinids get temporarily distracted by laser pointers. Use this to your advantage when being pursued by one.
Don't be afraid to ask for help, whether from your peers or from admins.
As the Captain, you are one of the highest priority targets on the station. Everything from revolutions, to nuclear operatives, to traitors that need to rob you of your unique lasgun or your life are things to worry about.
As the Captain, always take the nuclear disk and pinpointer with you every shift. It's a good idea to give one of these to another head you can trust with keeping it safe.
As the Captain, you have absolute access and control over the station, but this does not mean that being a horrible person won't result in mutiny and a ban.
As the Captain, you can purchase a new emergency shuttle using a communications console. Some require cash, while others give you cash in exchange. Keep in mind that purchasing dangerous shuttles may instigate the ire of your crew.

> As the Chief Medical Officer, your hypospray is like a refillable instant injection syringe that can hold 30 units as opposed to the standard 15.

Reviewer: The hypospray still exists and there's also the hypo mk. II which works differently, although both aren't too often seen, but same applies to the CE hardsuit.

Author: I’ll address all of these but starting off I still have the CE hardsuit tip and when I get around to it I’ll add new tip for the hypo mk. II

Reviewer: The hypospray works the same but only shows up in like 2 ships, hypo mk. II is a lot more common but works diferently, both could be explained by the same tip, I don't recall any other deleted tips that should be kept but tips aren't particularly important, hope these suggestions helped a bit

Don't underestimate the humble P.A.C.M.A.N. generators.
A RCD can be reloaded with metal, glass or plasteel sheets instead of just compressed matter cartridges.
You can unwrench a pipe regardless of the pressures of the gases inside, but if they're too high they can burst out and injure you!
ATMOS holofan projector blocks gases while allowing objects to pass through. With it, you can quickly contain gas spills, fires and hull breaches. Or, use it to seal a plasmaman cloning room.
You can change the layer of a pipe by clicking with it on a wrenched pipe or other atmos component of the desired layer.
As a Clown, if you lose your banana peel, you can still slip people with your PDA! Honk!
As a Clown, eating bananas heals you slightly. Honk!
As a Clown, your Grail is the mineral bananium, which can be used to build you a fun and robust mech beloved by everyone.
As a Clown, you can use your stamp on a sheet of cardboard as the first step of making a honkbot. Fun for the whole crew!
As a Clown, spice your gimmicks up! Nobody likes a one-trick pony.
The null rod has anti magic functions: it makes you immune to magic.

>  bibles are also a container that can store small items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bibles are also a container that can store small items, they can be purchased through religious supply crates. Other books can store small items if their pages are cut with a wirecutter.
```

Author: Changed it.

Most non-custom foods will have a secondary effect, ranging from healing you to making you move at lightspeed. Experiment!
Mousetraps can be used to create bombs or booby-trap containers.
You can order contraband items from a express console without hacking it.
You can earn more cargo points by shipping back crates, liquid containers, plasma sheets, rare seeds from hydroponics, and more!
The express supply console can instantly delivers crates by drop pod. The impact will cause a small explosion as well.
Every monster has a pattern you can exploit to minimize damage from the encounters.
You can harvest goliath plates from goliaths and upgrade your explorer's suit, mining hardsuits as well as Firefighter APLUs with them, greatly reducing incoming melee damage.
You can craft a variety of equipment from the local fauna. Bone axes, lava boats and ash drake armour are just a few of them!
As a Monkey, you can crawl through air or scrubber vents by alt+left clicking them. You must drop everything you are wearing and holding to do this, however.
As a Monkey, you can still wear a few human items, such as backpacks, gas masks and hats, and still have two free hands.

> As a Drone, you can ping other drones to alert them of areas in the station in need of repair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Drone, you can ping other drones to alert them of areas in need of repair.
```
No stations.

Author: Fixed that
